Remove all TiDB Ansible related contents from dev and v5.0 (#4513)
pingcap/docs: troubleshoot-high-disk-io.md

### I/O issues found in alerts

> The cluster deployment tools (TiUP) deploy the cluster with alert components by default that have built-in alert items and thresholds. The following alert items are related to I/O:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The cluster deployment tool (TiUP) deploys the cluster with alert components by default that have built-in alert items and thresholds. The following alert items are related to I/O:
```
